README.md, before:

# avikalpg
![GitHub User's stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/avikalpg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)
[![Reddit User Karma](https://img.shields.io/reddit/user-karma/combined/AvikalpGupta?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit)](https://www.reddit.com/user/AvikalpGupta/)
[![HackerNews User Karma](https://img.shields.io/hackernews/user-karma/avikalp?style=for-the-badge&logo=ycombinator)](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=avikalp)
[![YouTube Channel Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCyK7ZivLTApYvfV3qE4b3DQ?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube)](https://youtube.com/@avikalp?si=mIfZGQCWUSboN-gJ)
![Profile views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=avikalpg&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile%20Views%20%28since%202025%29)

Hi, I'm Avikalp Gupta. I'm a software engineer (with AI/ML expertise) working on building products that help engineers build better products and live better lives.

### Primary Focus

#### Vibinex: The most intuitive interface for reviewing code changes

[Vibinex](https://vibinex.com) is a tool that helps you understand code changes 10x faster than going through the `git diff`.

As of 2024, it works as a GitHub app and a browser extension and helps you by creating an interactive visual graph representing the changes in the call-graph of the code.

[Link to the source code](https://github.com/vibinex/vibinex)

### Favorite projects

- [Skyline](https://skyline3d.in): View your GitHub contributions in 3D and order your 3D-printed skyline model to decorate your desk.
- [Alokit mentorship platform](https://alokit.in): Platform to conduct audition projects: short-term paid projects that are compensated based on completion rate.
- [free-time](https://myfreetimeinaweek.in): Proves to you that you have enough time to work on your hobby projects and passions; no matter how busy you claim yourself to be.
- [typing-analyst](https://typing-analyst.vercel.app): MacOS tool that constantly measures typing stats (speed/accuracy) across applications and shows analytics.
- [HustlerIDE](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vibinex.hustler): VSCode extension that asks you every day if you have talked to a user or spent any time marketing your project.

## Stats
![Overall stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=avikalpg&show_icons=true)
![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=avikalpg&theme=chartreuse&hide_border=false)
<!--<a href="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-user-dashboard-stats?user_id=7858932" target="_blank" style="display: block" align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-user-dashboard-stats/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&image_size=auto&color_scheme=dark" width="1024" height="auto">
    <img alt="Dashboard stats of @avikalpg" src="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-user-dashboard-stats/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&image_size=auto&color_scheme=light" width="100%" height="auto">
  </picture>
</a>-->
<a href="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-currently-working-on?user_id=7858932&activity_type=all" target="_blank" style="display: block" align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-currently-working-on/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&activity_type=all&image_size=auto&color_scheme=dark" width="497.5" height="auto">
    <img alt="@avikalpg's Recent Work - Last 28 days" src="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-currently-working-on/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&activity_type=all&image_size=auto&color_scheme=light" width="497.5" height="auto">
  </picture>
</a>

### CodersRank
My [Codersrank profile](https://profile.codersrank.io/user/avikalpg) gives you a decent idea of the tech stack I have used and am proficient with.

<!-- #### Summary

<img
  src="https://cr-ss-service.azurewebsites.net/api/ScreenShot?widget=summary&username="
/> -->

#### Skills Chart

<img
  src="https://cr-skills-chart-widget.azurewebsites.net/api/api?username=avikalpg&skills=JavaScript,TypeScript,HTML,CSS,Go,Python,Kotlin,Java,Rust&show-other-skills=true&width=820"
/>

### Badges
![@avikalpg's Holopin board](https://holopin.me/avikalpg)

Commit message:

1. Add WhatsApp-AI-Filter to projects. 2. Moved Vibinex from primary focus to projects. 3. Add WildestAI as primary focus

README.md, after:

# avikalpg
![GitHub User's stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/avikalpg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)
[![Reddit User Karma](https://img.shields.io/reddit/user-karma/combined/AvikalpGupta?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit)](https://www.reddit.com/user/AvikalpGupta/)
[![HackerNews User Karma](https://img.shields.io/hackernews/user-karma/avikalp?style=for-the-badge&logo=ycombinator)](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=avikalp)
[![YouTube Channel Views](https://img.shields.io/youtube/channel/views/UCyK7ZivLTApYvfV3qE4b3DQ?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube)](https://youtube.com/@avikalp?si=mIfZGQCWUSboN-gJ)
![Profile views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=avikalpg&color=0e75b6&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile%20Views%20%28since%202025%29)

Hi, I'm Avikalp Gupta. I'm a software engineer (with AI/ML expertise) working on building products that help engineers build better products and live better lives.

### Primary Focus

#### WildestAI: The understanding layer for AI-generated code changes

[WildestAI](https://wildestai.com) is a `git`-wrapper that unlocks the full potential of AI coding agents.
- Its diff (DiffGraph) helps you understand code changes 10x faster than going through the `git diff` when working on AI-generated code by creating an interactive visual graph representing the code changes.
- Its commit captures the prompts as metadata to retain the intent and line-of-thought across the SDLC.

### Favorite projects

- [Vibinex](https://vibinex.com): GitHub extension that makes code-reviews 5x faster using pull-request personalization, code-owner automation and integrated DiffGraphs. [Link to the source code](https://github.com/vibinex/vibinex)
- [WhatsApp AI Filter](https://whatsapp-ai-filter.vercel.app): Filters only the relevant messages from all the WhatsApp groups that you are a part of, into a single chat thread saving 95% of the time founders and influencers spend.
- [Skyline](https://skyline3d.in): View your GitHub contributions in 3D and order your 3D-printed skyline model to decorate your desk.
- [Alokit mentorship platform](https://alokit.in): Platform to conduct audition projects: short-term paid projects that are compensated based on completion rate.
- [free-time](https://myfreetimeinaweek.in): Proves to you that you have enough time to work on your hobby projects and passions; no matter how busy you claim yourself to be.
- [typing-analyst](https://typing-analyst.vercel.app): MacOS tool that constantly measures typing stats (speed/accuracy) across applications and shows analytics.
- [HustlerIDE](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vibinex.hustler): VSCode extension that asks you every day if you have talked to a user or spent any time marketing your project.

## Stats
![Overall stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=avikalpg&show_icons=true)
![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=avikalpg&theme=chartreuse&hide_border=false)
<!--<a href="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-user-dashboard-stats?user_id=7858932" target="_blank" style="display: block" align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-user-dashboard-stats/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&image_size=auto&color_scheme=dark" width="1024" height="auto">
    <img alt="Dashboard stats of @avikalpg" src="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-user-dashboard-stats/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&image_size=auto&color_scheme=light" width="100%" height="auto">
  </picture>
</a>-->
<a href="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-currently-working-on?user_id=7858932&activity_type=all" target="_blank" style="display: block" align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-currently-working-on/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&activity_type=all&image_size=auto&color_scheme=dark" width="497.5" height="auto">
    <img alt="@avikalpg's Recent Work - Last 28 days" src="https://next.ossinsight.io/widgets/official/compose-currently-working-on/thumbnail.png?user_id=7858932&activity_type=all&image_size=auto&color_scheme=light" width="497.5" height="auto">
  </picture>
</a>

### Badges
![@avikalpg's Holopin board](https://holopin.me/avikalpg)
